!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	//
Lib	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	1;"	m
Main	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/app/Main.hs	1;"	m
area	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	35;"	f
celsiusToFahr	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	41;"	f
cubo	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	32;"	f
diasLocos	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	65;"	f
diasNormales	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	68;"	f
diasParejos	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	62;"	f
dispersion	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	53;"	f
esBisiesto	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	38;"	f
esCuadradoPerfecto	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	82;"	f
esCuadradoPerfectoAux	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	87;"	f
esMultiploDe	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	29;"	f
esMultiploDeTres	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	26;"	f
esPesoUtil	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	76;"	f
fahrToCelsius	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	44;"	f
haceFrioF	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	47;"	f
main	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/Setup.hs	2;"	f
main	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/app/Main.hs	5;"	f
main	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/test/Spec.hs	4;"	f
maxEntre3	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	56;"	f
mcm	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	50;"	f
minEntre3	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	59;"	f
pesoPino	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	71;"	f
sirvePino	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	79;"	f
someFunc	/home/kesh/Documents/uni/PdeP/Haskell/Guia de ejercicios/guiaUno/src/Lib.hs	23;"	f
